you know in addition to my duties as a
talk show host I'm also a judge a very
tough judge right Guillermo that's right
one of the toughest judges around from
time to time my bailiff Guillermo and I
we hear cases real cases we find in
small claims court with real litigants
who inexplicably agreed to have their
faith ruled on justly by another other
than Judge James this is the plaintiff
ami more
he claims he ordered two custom suits
and three pairs of pants and that the
defendants delivery was late and
defective he's suing for 1720 dollars
this is the defendant August tan he
maintains the order was completed in a
timely manner and that things only got
uncomfortable when the defendant became
hot under the collar
it's the case of the tardy tailor and
it's unsuitable suits raise your right
hand
what you are about to witness is real
the participants are not actors they're
actual litigants with a case pending in
civil court both parties have agreed to
drop their claims to have their case
decided here by Judge James you may be
seated
oh that was my job oh sorry for
grievance Adama you let litigants has
been trained Your Honor the what the
litigants has been what swear in your
honor
David's okay schwarmann yeah fine thank
you you understand all right
ah me more you are suing August 10 for
1720 dollars which is the amount you
paid the defendant to make to custom
suits and three pairs of slacks which
you claim were delivered late improperly
and overall made defective it doesn't
deliver anything and mr. tan you claimed
the garments were well made you went
above and beyond to meet the plaintiffs
demands but he was unreasonably picky
and disrespectful correct yes
well mr. Moore let's start with you tell
us what happened I want to do a two
custom suit and his shop
I know his shop before it will be there
it was the real owner mr. Lee the real
owner yeah he is rental you're a rental
yeah he rent the place mr. Lee's old guy
he probably retired and you rent from
him do you think there's any possibility
he murdered mr. Lee let me ask who is
this gentleman as your stylist is my
witness he what a witness when I put the
fabric what is your name sir Alan leash
Alan what did you run this exactly well
we went to downtown Los Angeles indeed
lovers what right sir answer Josh
because my office manager
Oh your office manager okay well you
know sometimes there are office
relationships would go on okay so we
went the day after he arranged to make
these suits we went to downtown Los
Angeles and bought some fabric for the
suits to bring back to the tailor oh
that's fun did you guys have lunch
no no lunch okay if you had had lunch
what would you have had maybe a pastrami
sandwich drama say mr. tan is anything
that he's saying incorrect a couple
things first of all I did not murder mr.
Li I actually stole from mr. Li I bought
the store he's retired
I see living him well retired retired
physically retired physically retired
his mind still functioning I see yes
okay actually I feel really thankful to
me astronomy because it's my first
customer i just opened the store oh you
were his first customer yeah so if he
was your first customer why did it take
so long to make the suit um regular time
take six to eight weeks I told him okay
I did over there to shoot with mr. Li it
taken exactly three weeks I get both
open yeah but mr. Lee's dad is rumored
not for guys near his god asou die
finished after Christmas as exactly as a
business after may you finish it
that's after Christmas is it because
when I told them I'm gonna sue you
nothing was done Alan what do you think
about all this
whose side are you on first of all
homicide of course here on our side is
that because you work for him
no it's because of it the suit didn't
fit yeah did you see him in the suit now
this is how do you know the suit didn't
fit remember you're under oath here I
guess you're right I guess if he's all
face time of course I'm right
I think the best way to go about this is
for you to try the suit on so we can
look at it and see how it fits
I'll inform the court that mr. Morris
now removed his pants he isn't as
Carleen as on their pants would you mind
putting the jacket on as well so we can
see the whole ensemble mr. Moore would
you mind spinning around you see I'm
gonna consult with an expert here my
personal stylist Rodney Rodney Rodney is
an Emmy award-winning costume designer
do me a favor and examine the suit and
give me your professional opinion of the
fit okay well I think it is a little too
big right here mm-hmm
shoulders seem fine the back can I see
the back the back of the jacket looks
good it's a bit of an alteration it's
not used effect it's not right in my
opinion it is not defective
it's just a little alteration there the
pants this is on you a minute bran you
mr. Moore I'm gonna take your original
pants into my chambers then and I'll be
back with a ruling will Judge James side
with this fashionable fireplug or really
rule in favor of this law suit maker and
when will Alan get his pastrami and who
the hell is this Judge James good when
we were talking this fired up fancy men
says the defendant suits were custom
crapola
this defensive designer disagrees and
this loyal employee is ready for lunch
Judge James is about to rule let's
listen first of all I want to say um I
am wearing your pants
and I like the way they fit thank you
you can sit down yes Alan when you order
a pastrami sandwich like what how does
it come on what kind of bread the order
on rye I like that
okay mr. tan first of all two suits
three pairs of slacks $1,700 seems like
a very reasonable price for me I have to
say mr. Moore you are not you've not had
the benefit of a mirror but I thought
you look pretty good in that suit it
does need some alterations I have
consulted with Rodney and he has
volunteered to fix the suit for you he's
an emmy-winning costume designer so he
will alter the suits properly and I also
like to have a moment of silence for mr.
Lee who was brutally murdered by mr.
tans mother I rule in favor of defendant
and I'm keeping these pants all right
judge James has rendered his verdict
let's talk to the plaintiff mr. Moore
and his good friend Alan Alan let me ask
you you're an officiai too of pastrami
right sure yeah I think we have a
sandwich for you I'd like I'd like to
see you render your verdict on this
sandwich now it's not rye as you're used
to but hey take a bite get in there okay
what do you think you like that be
honest I think it's got too much fat I
prefer lean your breasts rummy get out
so both you
on the next judge James what is the
purpose of this meditation start to
meditate on you're very picky for a guy
who doesn't button his shirt I'll tell
you that hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you like
that click the subscribe button below
and good things will happen forever